## Project manager: a brief sketch

I work with multiple projects, all the time. And it's a great frustration that things become messy over time. In order to work full-time on an editor, projects must be managed directly from them, or close enough.

Working with IDE's, such as Eclipse or AppCode has to become part of the workflow. Many assisting tools, such as Terminal or your favorite source control tool(I use [SourceTree] for nearly always [git] projects), would work seamlessly, all based on a definition of a project. And this should be simple to evolve over time.

My project template looks something like this:

- Main editor ([SublimeText])
- Terminal window
- Source control tool
- Browser for reference or app access

On top of this, other apps would flash on or off, based on some specific task to carry out, like shipping an app to the App Store via the Application Loader. But the point is, when you're moving out of IDE's, it's vitally important to set up a productive workflow. The downside is you need to stitch this up, but the good side is you get to make it exactly as you wish.

Project manager is designed to help you with this task, based on some simple technical features:

- Define a format to express a project, based on templates and straigh-forward, canonical information;
- Integrate with OS X and present a UI that is intuitive and useful over frequent invocations;
- Lead up to WebBuddy for use in the Researches ecosystem.

[This is the design of Project Manager].

33%

### User-facing design



### Technical design



### Noteworthy




